README.md, before:

# Ryan Lazo's Professional Development

######My career buddy: Jacques Chevrier

#### About Me

I worked for several years in the medical field as a Chiropractor until a serendipitous event inspired me to get into Software Development, and I love it! I love the creative collaboration and problem solving aspects of the field. There is nothing better than finding the answer to a problem that allows an entire program to run efficiently. I believe that tech companies are at the forefront of an ever-changing business world with their fun and challenging work environments and I feel very lucky to be a part of it. 

I love meeting new people and learning new things. I love being in a room with people who are passionate, creative, and hard-working as it helps bring out the best in myself. I love to network, meet new people, and take on new challenges- so feel free to say hello or send me a message with any of your creative ideas! 

###My Learning Styles:

  - 10% Auditory
  - 40% Visual 
  - 50% Tactile
  
###Quantitative Accomplishments
  1. I am very hard-working and try to become an efficient member of a team as quickly as possible.
  2. I am a motivational person and a good group leader than helps inspire others in order to bring out the best in them.
  3. I am very adaptable and I am able to get along with people very easily.

  
### Qualitative Accomplishments
  1. I was voted top 5 best Chiropractors in the state of New Mexico in just one year. 
  2. I was able to get semi-professional and professional athletes back on the field in half the amount of time as their primary care physicians.
  3. I averaged around 100 patient visits per week after just 8 months working as a licensed Chiropractor. 
     
#### Golden Circle:
      the Why: I want to help change the way our 
      health care system operates.
      the How: By learning computer programming and 
      combining it with my experience in the medical field.
      the What: Find a company that works with medical tech. 
      
#### Elevator Pitch (Medical)
    Hi my name is Ryan. I build Android devices that help maximize efficiency in the health care field. I'm 
    working with Deep Dive Coding to advance my knowledge of the Java/Android platforms in order to better help 
    the medical industry. Are you interested in encorporating tech into your practice as a way to 
    maximize productivity?
    
#### Elevator Pitch (General)
    Hi my name is Ryan. I am a Java/Android developer looking to break into the tech industry as a Junior
    Developer. I am currently perfecting my Java/Android skills at Ingenuity Labs Deep Dive Coding Bootcamp. 
    Are you looking for a passionate, hard-working Developer to join your team? 
     
      



* [Linkedin Profile](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ryan-lazo-924024158/)


* [GitHub Profile](https://github.com/ryanlazo)

  
* [My resume](R.Lazo Resume.docx)

Commit message:

updated commit with linkedin/github link and google search reflection

README.md, after:

# Ryan Lazo's Professional Development

######My career buddy: Jacques Chevrier

#### About Me

I worked for several years in the medical field as a Chiropractor until a serendipitous event inspired me to get into Software Development, and I love it! I love the creative collaboration and problem solving aspects of the field. There is nothing better than finding the answer to a problem that allows an entire program to run efficiently. I believe that tech companies are at the forefront of an ever-changing business world with their fun and challenging work environments and I feel very lucky to be a part of it. 

I love meeting new people and learning new things. I love being in a room with people who are passionate, creative, and hard-working as it helps bring out the best in myself. I love to network, meet new people, and take on new challenges- so feel free to say hello or send me a message with any of your creative ideas! 

###My Learning Styles:

  - 10% Auditory
  - 40% Visual 
  - 50% Tactile
  
###Quantitative Accomplishments
  1. I am very hard-working and try to become an efficient member of a team as quickly as possible.
  2. I am a motivational person and a good group leader than helps inspire others in order to bring out the best in them.
  3. I am very adaptable and I am able to get along with people very easily.

  
### Qualitative Accomplishments
  1. I was voted top 5 best Chiropractors in the state of New Mexico in just one year. 
  2. I was able to get semi-professional and professional athletes back on the field in half the amount of time as their primary care physicians.
  3. I averaged around 100 patient visits per week after just 8 months working as a licensed Chiropractor. 
     
#### Golden Circle:
      the Why: I want to help change the way our 
      health care system operates.
      the How: By learning computer programming and 
      combining it with my experience in the medical field.
      the What: Find a company that works with medical tech. 
      
#### Elevator Pitch (Medical)
    Hi my name is Ryan. I build Android devices that help maximize efficiency in the health care field. I'm 
    working with Deep Dive Coding to advance my knowledge of the Java/Android platforms in order to better help 
    the medical industry. Are you interested in encorporating tech into your practice as a way to 
    maximize productivity?
    
#### Elevator Pitch (General)
    Hi my name is Ryan. I am a Java/Android developer looking to break into the tech industry as a Junior
    Developer. I am currently perfecting my Java/Android skills at Ingenuity Labs Deep Dive Coding Bootcamp. 
    Are you looking for a passionate, hard-working Developer to join your team? 
     
      
#### Google search reflection:
I googled myself and found a number of things related to my old profession. There is not much I can do to 
limit the exposure of a profession I am no longer a part of but hopefully as my Software Developer career 
grows it will obscure these other results. I also found some old newspaper clippings of my athletic career 
including my short-lived collegiate career. Other than that it was just a few social media profiles. 


* [Linkedin Profile](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ryan-lazo-924024158/)


* [GitHub Profile](https://github.com/ryanlazo)

  
* [My resume](R.Lazo Resume.docx)
